Documentation for the back-channel communication (#11837)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/03-tutorials/eventing/evnt-01-setup-in-cluster-eventing.md

    -H "Content-Type: application/cloudevents+json" \
    "http://eventing-event-publisher-proxy.kyma-system/publish"
```

> > **NOTE:** If you want to use a Function to publish a CloudEvent look at the [Event Object SDK specification](../../05-technical-reference/svls-08-function-specification.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** If you want to use a Function to publish a CloudEvent, see the [Event object SDK specification](../../05-technical-reference/svls-08-function-specification.md#event-object-sdk).
```
